you should have respected my authority
yeah you don't know what you got
yourself into you're straight into my
trap to my tribe yeah that's right a
young chemist described Nixon only these
different styles straight into right I
got more in here than you asked it was
in your backpack I'm serious I told you
that I'm serious the way I could cook
and chop it send you deliver your sign
playing I bet my pistols up in the air
sure and I'm off at the same time too
because I don't care
and I'm trained for this been practicing
my whole life you said I couldn't do it
right you said I wouldn't take off well
I'm on this flight said whatever you
want to say you're backing without a
fight look there's nothing for me to
lose I'm doing all the inverted got my
tech is to let me know so I don't need a
critic and just a youngster still got
time to grow up so music is a hobby for
now until I blow up here there's no need
to worry cause we all have ups and downs
it just happened
in the bright lights crowd going crazy I
guess this is the way that they kick in
said me you don't have to like me I
understand
I feel good my mind's in a good zone I'm
kind of comfy sitting high up in the
throne yeah life's about just finding
the right problem see I found it myself
for longer than decent Turk now I'm
picking it up and trying to make it
apparent but it's true
you're thinking NEC of American coffee
and smoking but that doesn't matter to
me cuz I'm
my weaknesses I'm just improving my
strengths I don't need you in my life
Iago and the friends it's all about time
and how much left I go cuz I be working
to these deadlines running down the
clock yeah yeah there's no need to worry
because we love ups and downs that just
happen
crazy I guess is the way that they kick
instead me and kick instead made me
guess this is the way that they kick
instead made me
Oh life-changing it's amazing sit right
back and let me blaze yeah I miss mom
I'll make an exception case is right
here now this is the best route to go
look for this right here yeah but life
without no more fish think of my gonna
share their tickets this the soundtrack
of the yeah yeah no games
your life bones you know chamber the
time it right with a green light here so
I'll put my wife right next to the road
right inside I hope you know I broke
your back laughter since I black smoke
when we smoke your wedding black
we kiss is that don't get on
fuck me JZ go
maybe I'd even see any the dad's rear
ender